Things to polish:
	Network:
		Loading screens and such - hide the network accesses.
		"Your opponent left"
	Cards: 
		OnMouseOver they show themselves Properly over whole screen.
		Make em move nicely - sortoff follow mouse in a cool way not instant snap.

TODO:
	Priority:
		Make a manacounter and manacosts.
		Face - some modification on Minion slots needed

LobbyUI Polish
	Lobby musí mít jméno, nesmí v něm být cizí znaky
	Loading screeny - schovat Loadující se scénu

BattleCry - after placing a battlecry minion attach a fake cardlike thing to the cursor that will onclick either finish the op or cancel it.
	Will probably have to add a check to not highlight anything when we have something in the cursor.
Spells - Make it so that you can undo casting nontargetted spell. (Probably a box around your side of the screen or distance from original spot)

Prettier Menu
Export json from website
Import json in lobby selection
	Display Deck Class in Lobby
	Probably make a deck folder with JSONs
	List them in Lobby selection and allow the selection of one.


Notes:
I think there are cases in which "highlighted slot" and "highlightedActor" may keep wrong data - fix?
(They null themselves on leaving the mouse. But that may not be enough)

REQUIREMENTS:
DONE:
R1: PC and Android
R3: Running smoothly
C10: Netcode
A16 - cloud services - Lobby,Relay

UNSURE:
R4: Adaptive screen - kinda
R7: Using input system - I mean I imported it but its not like its useful
R8: Using Universal rendering pipeline - ???


TODO:
R2: Sound - More sounds and music
R5: Plugin - TODO UI Toolkit and Dotween?
R6: EditorExt: TODO: cardMakyr,displayer


1 of the bellow:
Likely:
A2 - Adressables - Read on this shit but its like remote assets
A6 - Tweens

Possible:
A3 - Particle system
A8 - animations
A10 - polish
A12 - Good settings

Proly no:
A1 - Save&Load (Could just store actions and play them really quickly at the start)
A7 - Splitscreen (Would have to bypass all the network code and I don't wanna do that)

